## Assignment 8.1
### UVA Problem 10226: Hardwood Species

#### Overview:
In this problem, my program was supposed to accept a series of test cases. Each of the test cases contained an unspecified number of different strings, and each string was a type of species of tree. Each test case was separated by blank line. My objective was to read each test case into a data structure, find out how many of each species of tree there was, and then calculate what percentage each species of tree contributed to the whole population of trees in the test case.

#### Solution:
I used a c++ standard template library map to solve my problem. Maps are extremely useful because--like a dictionary in Python--they don't allow for duplicate keys. Specifically, the function map::emplace() came in very handy. Whenever I inserted a key into my map, I used the emplace function. When I used the emplace the function, it would return true if the value was not in the map yet, and it would return false if the value was already in the map. If emplace() returned true, I would simply give the key (or treeType as I called it in the program) the value of 1, because it was the first key of that tree species we had seen, and there was only one of its kind (so far). If emplace() returned false, I would simply increment the value associated with that key, because another tree of that species had been read in. Also, each time I read in a species of tree, I would increment the total count of trees by 1 to keep track of how many trees there were total. Once the dictionary was fully finished, I would increment through the the map using an iterator and divide the value for each key by the total number of trees. Multipling this number by 100 would produce the percentage of each type of species of tree. Using iomanip, I printed each species and its respective percentage up to 4 decimal places.

#### Reflection:
Overall, I'm happy with my solution. I'm not super proud of my time (somewhere around 0.72 seconds), but nobody has ever gotten 0.000 time for this problem, so I don't feel so bad. I learned a whole lot about maps, and I was able to dig into iterators for the first time ever. This was definitely a little bit of struggle for me in terms of learning to use a new data structure to read the values in, but overall the problem wasn't incredibly difficult to solve. I actually found it enjoyable. Not super happy that I ended up hard-coding a solution, but I really wasn't able to come up with any other approach. One thing I'm definitely walking away with after this problem: never use c++ maps. They're sooooooo slow.
